{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green61\blue204;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8780\viewh13960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 My Most Hideous Page Ever
\fs24 \
	       \

\b Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique
\b0  senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.\
\

\b\fs28 Navigation
\b0\fs24 \
\cf2 To the kittens [link to kittens]\
But puppies are cuter [link to comments]\cf0 \
\
\

\fs36 \cf2 Kittens are da cutest! [link to http://placekitten.com]
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
[Place kitten photo] It's a bundle of cute, cuddly, death! (Caption)\
\
1. 
\i First reason why kittens are death
\i0 \
2. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.\
3. Aliquam tincidunt mauris eu risus.\
\
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus magna. Cras in mi at felis aliquet congue. Ut a est eget ligula molestie gravida. Curabitur massa. Donec eleifend, libero at sagittis mollis, tellus est malesuada tellus, at luctus turpis elit sit amet quam. Vivamus pretium ornare est.\
\
\

\fs36 \cf2 But puppies are cuter! [link to http://placedog.com]\cf0 \

\fs24 \
Feel free to submit your comments on why puppies are cuter:\
\
Name: [ Jane Doe ]\
Subject: [ A title for your comment ]\
Comment: [ Please place comment here ]\
[ Submit your comment ]}